Move syntax guides under syntax module (#38148)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_syntax/syntax/index.md

A CSS ruleset (or rule) is visualized in the diagram below.

> ![A group of comma-separated selectors precedes the brace-delimited declaration block content multiple declarations ending in semicolons.](ruleset.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A group of comma-separated selectors precedes the brace-delimited declaration block, which contains multiple declarations ending in semicolons.](ruleset.png)
```
